[Music]
nashville's kelly cantor left rehab
early this morning you'll remember the
country music star was arrested a few
months ago for drunk and disorderly
conduct
we can't wait to get on the road again
we can't wait for the tour to start
kelly's feeling better than ever she
looks great don't you guys
thank you so much
[Music]
i want the ball to open for me he's a
singer it's a good one
i've already got an opener for you child
stanton
she gonna let this prom queen get up on
stage patsy klein played here
why don't you come out on tour with us
bo get out of these honky tonks
step into the big leagues so you're
gonna be opening for the looney tunes
they need to lock that one up and throw
away the key she's not crazy
tell us who is your idol kelly cantor
and jesus christ you and jesus christ
who'd have thought
they love her do you think child stanton
is pretty
oh come on what's going on that's my
song
wasn't right for you it was two i don't
know too good too young
what give me the bonus you got any
tricks up your sleeve anything you know
how to do to stop this yeah don't take
somebody out of rehab before the rehab
you care about kelly this is her last
opportunity to turn things around i know
you see me unlike someone
she had a fire in her only place she
wanted to be was on stage
can you play a song for me am i gonna
play a song for you
i
[Music]
on the sure of something you can't i'm
stronger in all this you know that right
[Music]
she's putting on a big show first time i
heard you sing
i thought that must be what angel
sounded like
i love that story
[Applause]
that's how it's done sweetheart
you